python/README.md, before:

# Multilateration on Python

This is a Python package for 2D or 3D multilateration using gradient descent.

## Requirements

- Python 2 or 3
    - NumPy
    - pandas
    
## Installation

```sh
python setup.py install
```

## Usage

```py
import numpy as np
from mlat import MLAT

W = 9
L = 9
H = 3
anchors = np.array([[0, 0, H],
                    [W, 0, H],
                    [W, L, H],
                    [0, L, H]])
node = np.array([W * np.random.rand(),
                 L * np.random.rand(),
                 H * np.random.rand()])
ranges = np.empty(anchors.shape[0])
error = 0.5
ranges_with_error = np.empty(anchors.shape[0])
for i in range(anchors.shape[0]):
    ranges[i] = np.linalg.norm(anchors[i, :] - node)
    ranges_with_error[i] = ranges[i] + np.random.uniform(-error, error)

estimator, result = MLAT.mlat(anchors, ranges_with_error)

print('Anchors')
print(anchors)
print('Node:', node)
print('Ranges:')
print('   ', ranges)
print('Ranges with error:')
print('   ', ranges_with_error)
print('Estimator')
print(estimator)
print('Full result')
print(result)
```

Commit message:

Add boundary condition for Python

python/README.md, after:

# Multilateration on Python

This is a Python package for 2D or 3D multilateration using gradient descent.

## Requirements

- Python 2 or 3
    - NumPy
    - pandas

## Installation

```sh
python setup.py install
```

## Usage

```py
import numpy as np
from mlat import MLAT

W = 9
L = 9
H = 3
anchors = np.array([[0, 0, H],
                    [W, 0, H],
                    [W, L, H],
                    [0, L, H]])
node = np.array([W * np.random.rand(),
                 L * np.random.rand(),
                 H * np.random.rand()])
ranges = np.empty(anchors.shape[0])
error = 0.5
ranges_with_error = np.empty(anchors.shape[0])
for i in range(anchors.shape[0]):
    ranges[i] = np.linalg.norm(anchors[i, :] - node)
    ranges_with_error[i] = ranges[i] + np.random.uniform(-error, error)
# TODO: You need to define search space boundary to prevent UNEXPECTED RESULT
# If not, search space boundary is defined as a cube constrained to
# minimum and maximum coordinates of x, y, z of anchors
# If anchors are in the same plane, i.e., all anchors have the same (similar)
# coordinate of at least one axes, you MUST define search space boundary
# So, defining search space boundary is all up to you
bounds = np.zeros((2, anchors.shape[0]));
for i in range(anchors.shape[1]):
    bounds[0, i] = min(anchors[:, i]); # minimum boundary of ith axis
    bounds[1, i] = max(anchors[:, i]); # maximum boundary of ith axis
# hard coded minimum height (0 m) of search boundary
bounds[0, -1] = 0;

estimator, result = MLAT.mlat(anchors, ranges_with_error)

print('Anchors')
print(anchors)
print('Node:', node)
print('Ranges:')
print('   ', ranges)
print('Ranges with error:')
print('   ', ranges_with_error)
print('Estimator')
print(estimator)
print('Full result')
print(result)
```
